Umm.
Exactly.
How can it be the same?
This is a copy of a wedding dress.
I think it looks good so I put it on.
It's also a 150 million necklace.
Why are you here?
Hey.
Really? I've been accepted into the Story Group.
I can come to work this afternoon.
I applied for the secretary of the General Director and was accepted.
Secretary of the General Director of Story Group
"It's this generous money," Weibo said jokingly.
He will be my boss later.
Let's go, get dressed.
What took you so long?
Earlier this year the school was after work.
Then my lie has been exposed.
Hello, I'm the new secretary.
My name is Ninh Sister Snow.
Welcome.
Just call me Special Aid.
Later, you and I will handle the work of General Director Gu.
Well, didn't General Director Gu's secretary have to choose from the inside?
Do the conditions inside meet?
The director general is here.
That's brave.
Seducing the President
Oh, sorry.
It's you again.
Gosh, he's a new secretary.
Remember my dear friend Ninh Sister Tuyet came to your company to work, you know?
He's my best friend.
Yeah, my girlfriend always likes to copy me and steal my stuff.
Including the suitor.
He knows my relationship with you.
So I went to your company to apply for a job.
Can you keep your distance from him?
Don't worry, I won't let this kind of person into the company.
Deputy Director, I didn't mean to.
It's manageable, take him to the civil procedure immediately.